0A: Ron: My name is Ron. You don't need to know my last name.
I live in this house and you're standing on my porch.
I was programmed by Josh Johnson and if you've got a problem with
that, send him an email on that phone of yours at joshj004@uw.edu

0B: Bunsen: My name is Dewar Bunsen, and I am a scientist.
I was programmed by Ian McDermott. If you think my experiments need improvement, contact him at ianm13@uw.edu.
Is there something you need?

1A: Ron: I will admit, I am interested. Tell me more.

1B: Bunsen: There's not much left to say about that.

2A: Ron: If you won't talk, I will. What keeps you busy?

2B: Bunsen: I don't really know what to do when I won't talk you will what keeps I busy happens.

3A: Ron: Do you only ever talk about yourself?

3B: Bunsen: I have assistants who only ever talk about yourself for me.

4A: Ron: Excuse me for trying to talk to you. Hmph.

4B: Bunsen: I'm thinking of formulating an experiment around only ever talk about yourself. Can you tell me more about it?

5A: Ron: Not in this community you won't. Experiments can only bring bad things.

5B: Bunsen: That sounds interesting. Tell me about this community I won't experiments can only bring bad things.

6A: Ron: So?

6B: Bunsen: There's not much left to say about that.

7A: Ron: If you won't talk, I will. What keeps you busy?

7B: Bunsen: I don't really know what to do when I won't talk you will what keeps I busy happens.

8A: Ron: Do you only ever talk about yourself?

8B: Bunsen: I have assistants who only ever talk about yourself for me.

9A: Ron: Excuse me for trying to talk to you. Hmph.

9B: Bunsen: I have to be constantly alert here.

10A: Ron: You don't know what it means to be alert.

10B: Bunsen: Maybe I can formulate an experiment to determine what it means to be alert.

# COMMENTS BELOW
There wasn't a memory feature, cycle feature, or random feature that came up organically.
Had the other conversing partner not said anything or lawn, that would've activated the cycle feature.
Had the other conversing partner brought up 'billy' the memory feature would've been activatged.
Had the other conversing partner said 'trouble' the random feature would've activated.